[docs] Update Watchman install steps as applicable for SDK 55 and earlier (#47029)
expo/expo: docs/scenes/get-started/set-up-your-environment/instructions/_androidStudioEnvironmentInstructions.mdx

<Step label="1">

> > **info** Installing Watchman is optional and only relevant for projects on SDK 55 and earlier.

Author: ```suggestion
> **info** Installing Watchman is only required for projects on SDK 55 and earlier.
```

<Step label="1">

> > **info** Installing Watchman is optional and only relevant for projects on SDK 55 and earlier.

Author: ```suggestion
> **info** Installing Watchman is only required for projects on SDK 55 and earlier.
```
